We're having a memorial, and you have to come.
It's the most important event.
This invite is for you and your mom.
I can tell you more about it at our study.
Okay, thanks.
That's right, Camille.
Okay, let's move on to the next paragraph.
Do you mind reading?
Okay, sure.
Many people hope for good things to happen.
But they cannot be sure that they're home.
Okay, now it's your turn.
Life was perfect.
Adam and Eve just obeyed Jehovah.
They lost their perfect life and died.
Right.
After that, nobody was perfect.
So everyone would grow old and die.
Jesus came to earth and taught everyone about Jehovah.
He gave his life.
He died for us.
That's right.
So that in the future, nobody will have to die.
Has anybody ever given you a special gift?
Why do you think they gave it to you?
Because she loved me.
Right.
Jehovah and Jesus gave us the greatest gift.
It costs a lot.
But they gave it to us because they love us.
And I want us to live forever.
But what about my grandma?
Their gift is for her too.
There's somebody in the Bible I'd like you to meet.
She's a lot like you.
Luke chapter 7.
She lived in a city called Nain.
She had a husband and a son.
Her husband died.
She still had her son to keep her company.
But then her son died too.
They both died.
She was already a widow.
And now she was all alone.
The day of the funeral.
Jesus came to Nain.
And he saw the widow.
Young man, I say to you, get up.
Why do you think Jesus brought him back to life?
He loved them.
He loves all of us.
He loves you.
That's why he died for us.
The Jehovah brought Jesus back to life.
Soon, Jesus will resurrect people.
And because he died for us, we could all live forever.
It's the greatest gift anyone could give us.
When we go to the memorial, it's a way to say thank you.
I hope my mom wants to come too.
Hi, baby.
Should we get ready for the memorial?
Oh honey, it was a long day.
I'm so sorry.
I don't think we can make it.
Just see you tonight.
Let us know if you need a ride.
It's Sophia's mom.
Mom, we can do this.
Let's do it.
Yes, my little princess.
I'm glad you're studying the Bible.
Me too.
At this time, we'll have the passing of the wine.
As we all go home tonight, think about what Jesus sacrificed
means to you.
Zoe, turn around.
Wait, my baby girl.
What's here now?
Jehovah has shown love in many ways.
But when he gave Jesus life for us,
that was the greatest act of love.